Writing on the opening sequence
---------------------------------------
"This is the Zeltec rescue team. Do you copy?"

The man in the radio room jolted awake in his crumbling office chair, rubbing his eyes. His name was Leo, though he has heard nobody say that name in enough cycles to really remember if it's even applicable anymore. Just like the radio transmission he thought he heard, he wasn't sure if he was just conjuring things in his mind. It certainly wouldn't be the first time.

Leo leaned over the radio, his heart suddenly racing at the possibility of salvation. Another part of him tried to rein in the excitement. That proved difficult, however. Even in his sleep he could tell that the voice coming from it, real or not, was certainly different from the radio noise generated by the region's ruffians. More offical.

"This is Leo speaking."

"Hello Leo, we found a high level of radio activity coming from your position. In exchange for your assistance, we can help you out of your situation."

Leo was skeptical, but still driven by the primal need to not be in the hell he was in. It turns out that the unknown was still better than what he was dealing with.

"Our intel indicates that there are a number of other survivors within a 20-50 mile radius. They do not have communication tools, so we are dropping portable radios to them so that they will be able to communicate with you. We need you to bring the survivors to your position."

"Why not extract the different groups on your own? You're already sending radio equipment." 

"We have a huge reserve of radio equipment that can be sent out from orbit. What we do not have is time and the number of ships to extract that many separate groups from the disaster zone."

"Right. How can I be sure these are not bandits?"

"We will send you a convincing amount of resources for the amount of people you need to rescue, along with defense systems that you can use at your own discretion to keep them in control while they wait at your location."

That was good enough for Leo. 

"Send me what you need to send me."